Most of those sacrificed after 1936 were precious legal citizens of Germany. The largest parts were racialised backgrounds as well as many even mildly disabled people and ideologically unaligned groups like pacifist christians and communists extracted by force from local communities. These groups were transported to quickly established campuses where they were held temporarily and used for labour. Once signs of weakness or resistance were observed the victims were brought to the sacrificial altars.

The buildings holding these altars were undecorated tiled rooms with groves for blood to flow into a cellar bellow. An additional trash chutes were provided behind each altar leading into the same cellar room.
In the center of the room bellow lies to this day a small [[Portal]] to and from [[Hell]] no bigger than 30 centimetres in circumference.
The victims were moved into the room after the prior victim was thrown into the room bellow. It is likely that they both heard the ongoing disposal process -likely involving a small demon- and were able to smell the sulfurous [[Demonbreath]] emitting from the portal. It is unlikely to have mattered whether the victims defended themselves as both their flesh and blood were sacrificed. Despite this executioners were instructed to maximise the amount of blood drained before death, stripping the victim and strapping them to a simple metal tray where they were further gaged and their carotid artery was cut followed by both the superficial and deem femoral artery. The resulting blood loss commonly lead to death.

The [[Hell]] portals bellow these rooms have been some of the first to be used for study, allowing limited observation of [[Demons|Demon]]built structures as well as providing a steady supply of small, mostly harmless [[Demons]] for testing.

