May be a historically relevant material due to its use by the Nazis as the binding agent of Blutstein (lit.: Blood Stone, meaning Bloodcrete). This document however is primarily interested in contemporary relevance, thus the historical view will not be provided.
Demonbone, technical term Sanguinite, is the ossiform structure formed by [[demonic tissue]] when it undergoes compressive and abrasive stress. In natural formation, that is in or on Demons, most Demonbone forms into a spongelike structure with a hard, often thick outer shell. Vivisections have shown that the inner structure is commonly filled with [[Demonic Tissue]], particularly Demonic Natal Matter as seen in Fleshgrowths is prevalent in internal skeletons.
External deposits of Demonbone, often formed through repeated use of said skin in combat, grow first as calluses and then as desperate scales when exposed to impact or abrasion.
Some cases, which are rare but clustered in such a way that they may be sociologically relevant, also show behavioural patterns and modifications to External deposits of Demonbone.
 
Demonbone has several properties that have potential for exploitation once harvested or artificially produced.
While it shares a primary resistance to compressive stress with mammalian bone or concrete, demonbone provides a significantly higher tensile strength than either of these materials.
Demonbone also loses both inertial and gravitational mass as it accumulates in bunches which share at least one line of direct contact. This is believed to be the reason for the floating of the islands within the Plain of Punishment as well as the impressive size of some demons. On earth its primary use is in weight reduction of Bloodcrete structures, which allowed for structures of otherwise impossible sizes such as earths H.A.L.O.s (High Altitude Landing Orbit) or various Sp.I.R.E.S (SPace Ingres and Rapid Entry Structures).
Artificial Production of [[Demonblood]] or Enslavement of Blood as reported from Nazi documents involves repeated impact or sheer sheer stress to Fleshgrowths. These will then form into Demonbone which resembles natural Demonone while producing large amounts of heat. Notably for this use is that Demonbone is naturally covered in a thin sheet of Blood which slowly replenishes seemingly from the Bone matter itself. If the bone is left unstressed, this blood will gather into Fleshgrowths and spawn small demons which will carry the bone with them to absorb it fully as it dissolves. 
When stress is applied to Demonbone however, it will utilize its blood sheathing to grow the spongiform internal tissue used as structural support. Thus, any Demonbone used on earth is a self-reinforcing material.


Some variation has been observed in [[Demonbone]] indicating some [[Demonbone Cultural Findings|cultural phenomena]] among demons.